virtual-pet/README.md, before:

### Editors: Srihan Yeleswarapu - 9th Grade, Gabriel Hein - 10th Grade, Nolan Kim - 10th Grade

# Virtual Pet Simulation

FBLA Introduction to Programming Project

This project creates a digital pet that users can name, feed, and care for over time. Your pet will respond to how well it is treated, showing emotions, changing appearance or behavior, and developing based on the user’s actions.
We included a "cost of care" system to teach users about the financial responsibility of pet ownership. We track things like: Food and supply costs, health care,  activity purchases, and in-game currency.

This program includes:
    • Customization (user names the pet, chooses type, etc.)
    • Pet care features (feed, play, rest, clean, health)
    • Reactions based on care level (happy, sick, sad, energetic)
    • A running total of care-related expenses
    • A earning systems

Libraries used:
    json
    random
    collections
    dataclasses
    time
    os
    tkinter
    typing
    enum

Commit message:

added the built in bits idk ig its fine

virtual-pet/README.md, after:

### Editors: Srihan Yeleswarapu - 9th Grade, Gabriel Hein - 10th Grade, Nolan Kim - 10th Grade

# Virtual Pet Simulation

FBLA Introduction to Programming Project

This project creates a digital pet that users can name, feed, and care for over time. Your pet will respond to how well it is treated, showing emotions, changing appearance or behavior, and developing based on the user’s actions.
We included a "cost of care" system to teach users about the financial responsibility of pet ownership. We track things like: Food and supply costs, health care,  activity purchases, and in-game currency.

This program includes:
    • Customization (user names the pet, chooses type, etc.)
    • Pet care features (feed, play, rest, clean, health)
    • Reactions based on care level (happy, sick, sad, energetic)
    • A running total of care-related expenses
    • A earning systems

Libraries:
    json (built-in)
    random (built-in)
    collections (built-in)
    dataclasses (built-in)
    time (built-in)
    os (built-in)
    tkinter (built-in)
    typing (built-in)
    enum (built-in)

Attributions:
    ASCII art generated by generative AI
